feat: update useful packages guide for v13 (#715)
discordjs/guide: guide/miscellaneous/useful-packages.md

const difference = messages.last().createdTimestamp - messages.first().createdTimestamp;
const formatted = ms(difference);

> interaction.reply(`You sent the two messages ${formatted} apart.`);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
await interaction.followUp(`You sent the two messages ${formatted} apart.`);
```
This should be `.followUp()` since `.reply()` is already used above.
